Update Client Readme (#1286)
Kitware/dive: client/README.md

## Architecture

## Division

The client is broken into 4 main folders which separate different parts of the system.
* **Vue Media Annotator**
  * Location: ./src
  * Description: The basic annotator which uses a JSON data structure in conjunction with media URLs (image or video) to draw and edit annotations within a web component.
  * Items specific to the Web or Desktop Instance aren't included in this directory.
* **DIVE Interface**
  * Location: `/dive-common`
  * Description: Interface surrounding the media annotator and Vue utility plugins for keyboard commands and prompting users.  Organization of the lists of tracks/groups.  Provides UI to import/export data and run pipelines/training on the data.
* **Web Application**
  * Location: `/platform/web-girder`
  * Description: Web/Girder client specific code such as API interfaces and girder-web-components for viewing folders and data from a Girder backend.  All backend code for the Girder Application is written in Python and is in the ../server directory (outside of the ./client directory).
* **Desktop Application**
  * Location: `/platform/desktop`

>   * Description:  The desktop application uses Electron and interfaces directly with files on the user desktops.  To replicate the functionality of the Girder Application and expressJS server is used with similar endpoints as Girder.  There are additional NodeJS functins to manage serving files and running pipelines/training on datasets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Description:  The desktop application uses Electron and interfaces directly with files on the user's desktop.  To replicate the functionality of the Girder application, an ExpressJS server is used with similar endpoints as Girder.  There are additional NodeJS functions to manage serving files and running pipelines/training on datasets.
```

This style guarantees matching types are passed through provide and inject without having to replicate the type definition through possibly many layers of `props:{}` type definitions, and automatically wraps with `readonly` to prevent short-circut updates.

### /src/use

The use{x} files in this folder pertain directly to media or annotation information.  These objects will be used in `provides.ts` so that other components can access and manipulate the data.

`useEventChart` and `useLineChart` take the visible tracks and format the data for drawing in swimlane or line graph formats

> `useAttributes` provide a reactive list of templates to show the attributes to the user.  Attribute Filters and generation of Attribute Graphs are also done through.  Attributes that don't have a template defined in the metadata will not be shown to the user.  On import the backend (both web and desktop) will attempt to auto generate these attribute templates based on the values provided.,

Reviewer: > are also done through.

Missing word here?

## DIVE Interface (/dive-common)

> The DIVE interfaces handles the loading in Viewer.vue of data and manages the layout of components provided in `/src` and the state managment of the system through `useModeManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIVE interfaces handle the loading in Viewer.vue of data and manage the layout of components provided in `/src` and the state management of the system through `useModeManager`.
```

> The DIVE interfaces handles the loading in Viewer.vue of data and manages the layout of components provided in `/src` and the state managment of the system through `useModeManager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The DIVE interfaces handles the loading of data in Viewer.vue and manages the layout of components provided in `/src` and the state managment of the system through `useModeManager`
```

> ### useModeManager (/dive-common/use/useModeManager.ts)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

### useModeManager (/dive-common/use/useModeManager.ts)
```

> useModeManager.ts is used to manage the current state and state transitions within the DIVE application.
> Transitioning between selected, editing, deletion, modification.  Most interactions that operate on the annotation data are coordinated through userModeManager.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
useModeManager.ts is used to manage the current state and state transitions within the DIVE application (e.g.,
transitioning between selected, editing, deletion, modification, etc.).  Most interactions that operate on the annotation data are coordinated through useModeManager.
```
